ModelDerivative_01/readme.md, before:

# Translate a Source File Step-by-Step Tutorial

![Platforms](https://img.shields.io/badge/Web-Windows|MacOS-lightgray.svg)
[![oAuth2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Authentication-v1-green.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)
[![Data-Management](https://img.shields.io/badge/Data%20Management-v2-green.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)
[![Model Deivative](https://img.shields.io/badge/Model%20Derivative-v2-green.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)

[![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-v9-orange.svg)](https://www.getpostman.com/)


![Beginner](https://img.shields.io/badge/Level-Beginner-green.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/:license-MIT-blue.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

This folder contains a Postman Collection that contains the requests used in the Model Derivative Step-by-Step Tutorial [Translate a Source File](https://forge.autodesk.com/en/docs/model-derivative/v2/tutorials/translate-to-obj/), which is published on the Forge portal.

In the Postman sidebar, requests are stored in folders that have the same name as the corresponding task in the tutorial on teh Forge portal.

![Forge portal menu to Postman](images/tutorial_1_forge_postman_menu_01.png "Forge portal task to Postman mapping")

Individual requests in Postman have been named such that the corresponding step in the tutorial (on the Forge portal) can be figured out easily.

![Forge portal steps to Postman](images/tutorial_1_forge_postman_menu_02.png "Forge portal task to Postman mapping")

Instructions to run the Postman collection are as follows:

- [Before you begin](instructions/before_you_begin.md)
- [Task 1 - Obtain an Access Token](instructions/task-1.md)
- [Task 2 - Upload Source File to OSS](instructions/task-2.md)
- [Task 3 – Translate Source File](instructions/task-3.md)
- [Task 4 - Download the OBJ file](instructions/task-4.md)

Commit message:

Forge portal -> APS developer portal

ModelDerivative_01/readme.md, after:

# Translate a Source File Step-by-Step Tutorial

![Platforms](https://img.shields.io/badge/Web-Windows|MacOS-lightgray.svg)
[![oAuth2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Authentication-v1-green.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)
[![Data-Management](https://img.shields.io/badge/Data%20Management-v2-green.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)
[![Model Deivative](https://img.shields.io/badge/Model%20Derivative-v2-green.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)

[![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-v9-orange.svg)](https://www.getpostman.com/)


![Beginner](https://img.shields.io/badge/Level-Beginner-green.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/:license-MIT-blue.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

This folder contains a Postman Collection that contains the requests used in the Model Derivative Step-by-Step Tutorial [Translate a Source File](https://forge.autodesk.com/en/docs/model-derivative/v2/tutorials/translate-to-obj/), which is published on the APS developer portal.

In the Postman sidebar, requests are stored in folders that have the same name as the corresponding task in the tutorial on teh APS developer portal.

![APS developer portal menu to Postman](images/tutorial_1_forge_postman_menu_01.png "APS developer portal task to Postman mapping")

Individual requests in Postman have been named such that the corresponding step in the tutorial (on the APS developer portal) can be figured out easily.

![APS developer portal steps to Postman](images/tutorial_1_forge_postman_menu_02.png "APS developer portal task to Postman mapping")

Instructions to run the Postman collection are as follows:

- [Before you begin](instructions/before_you_begin.md)
- [Task 1 - Obtain an Access Token](instructions/task-1.md)
- [Task 2 - Upload Source File to OSS](instructions/task-2.md)
- [Task 3 – Translate Source File](instructions/task-3.md)
- [Task 4 - Download the OBJ file](instructions/task-4.md)
