DA4Inventor/readme.md, before:

# Design Automation for Inventor Step-by-Step Tutorial

![Platforms](https://img.shields.io/badge/Web-Windows|MacOS-lightgray.svg)
[![oAuth2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Authentication-v1-green.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)
[![Data-Management](https://img.shields.io/badge/Data%20Management-v2-green.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)
[![Design-Automation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Design%20Automation-v3-green.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)

[![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-v7-orange.svg)](https://www.getpostman.com/)

[![AutoCAD](https://img.shields.io/badge/Inventor-2018-orange.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)
[![AutoCAD](https://img.shields.io/badge/Inventor-2019-orange.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)
[![AutoCAD](https://img.shields.io/badge/Inventor-2020-orange.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)


![Beginner](https://img.shields.io/badge/Level-Beginner-green.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/:license-MIT-blue.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

This folder contains a Postman Collection that contains the requests used in the [Design Automation for Inventor Step-by-Step tutorial](https://forge.autodesk.com/en/docs/design-automation/v3/tutorials/inventor/) on the Forge Portal. 

On the Postman sidebar, requests are stored in folders that have the same name as the corresponding task in the Forge portal.
![Forge portal menu to Postman](images/forge_portal_2_inventor_postman_menu_01.png "Forge portal task to Postman mapping")

Individual requests in Postman have the same names as the corresponding step in the Forge portal.

![Forge portal steps to Postman](images/forge_portal_2_inventor_postman_menu_02.png "Forge portal task to Postman mapping")

Instructions to run the Postman tutorial are as below:

- [Before you begin](instructions/before_you_begin.md)
- [Task 1 - Obtain an Access Token](instructions/task-1.md)
- [Task 2 - Create a Nickname](instructions/task-2.md)
- [Task 3 - Upload an AppBundle to Design Automation](instructions/task-3.md)
- [Task 4 - Publish an Activity](instructions/task-4.md)
- [Task 5 - Prepare cloud storage](instructions/task-5.md)
- [Task 6 - Submit a WorkItem](instructions/task-6.md)
- [Task 7 - Download the Result](instructions/task-7.md)

Commit message:

Forge portal -> APS developer portal

DA4Inventor/readme.md, after:

# Design Automation for Inventor Step-by-Step Tutorial

![Platforms](https://img.shields.io/badge/Web-Windows|MacOS-lightgray.svg)
[![oAuth2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Authentication-v1-green.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)
[![Data-Management](https://img.shields.io/badge/Data%20Management-v2-green.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)
[![Design-Automation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Design%20Automation-v3-green.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)

[![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-v7-orange.svg)](https://www.getpostman.com/)

[![AutoCAD](https://img.shields.io/badge/Inventor-2018-orange.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)
[![AutoCAD](https://img.shields.io/badge/Inventor-2019-orange.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)
[![AutoCAD](https://img.shields.io/badge/Inventor-2020-orange.svg)](http://developer.autodesk.com/)


![Beginner](https://img.shields.io/badge/Level-Beginner-green.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/:license-MIT-blue.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

This folder contains a Postman Collection that contains the requests used in the [Design Automation for Inventor Step-by-Step tutorial](https://forge.autodesk.com/en/docs/design-automation/v3/tutorials/inventor/) on the APS developer portal. 

On the Postman sidebar, requests are stored in folders that have the same name as the corresponding task in the APS developer portal.
![APS developer portal menu to Postman](images/forge_portal_2_inventor_postman_menu_01.png "APS developer portal task to Postman mapping")

Individual requests in Postman have the same names as the corresponding step in the APS developer portal.

![APS developer portal steps to Postman](images/forge_portal_2_inventor_postman_menu_02.png "APS developer portal task to Postman mapping")

Instructions to run the Postman tutorial are as below:

- [Before you begin](instructions/before_you_begin.md)
- [Task 1 - Obtain an Access Token](instructions/task-1.md)
- [Task 2 - Create a Nickname](instructions/task-2.md)
- [Task 3 - Upload an AppBundle to Design Automation](instructions/task-3.md)
- [Task 4 - Publish an Activity](instructions/task-4.md)
- [Task 5 - Prepare cloud storage](instructions/task-5.md)
- [Task 6 - Submit a WorkItem](instructions/task-6.md)
- [Task 7 - Download the Result](instructions/task-7.md)
